# Describe a particular struggle that you overcame when working on this programming assignment.
Finding a way to do the data cleaning the way I wanted to do it was one struggle that I was 
able to overcome during this assignment. I had to outside excel optimizer to do it along with YouTube. Initial with the assignment I was stuck one dataset. I didn’t think any other datasets existed online. It took a while to find the right dataset for the project despite the fact I choose to do this project this way. Converting categorical dataset with no numerical was problem my greatest accomplishment on this project. Unfortunately, I did not use this dataset because of the size of the dataset- changing back to their categorical meaning wasn’t feasible.  
# Describe the most fun aspect of the assignment.
The most fun aspect of the assignment was getting start like always. I knew exactly want I wanted to do and how I should do it. Reading about py-country converter was fun. It reminded of our first project when I was reading about bs4. I guess if you wanted to import any libraries that your are unfamiliar with, you have to read the whole page on what the library does. 
# Describe the most challenging aspect of the assignment. 
I never understood why we have 2 to 3 weeks to finish a project till this final project. The errors message I was getting was nerve racking to solve. Stack overflow was helpful in some situation. I had to get YouTube to understand why I was getting certain error message. I guess at the end I really wanted to solve those error, so I keep trying different things. I really enjoy the challenge. I will give anything to do it all over again. 
#Describe the most difficult aspect of the assignment to understand
Why do certain library need everything in numerical values to do analysis? I found myself venturing off the YouTube site with title page on machine learning; I thought it was cool to learn so much on other stuff related to python. I kind of understand now why we didn’t have textbook for this class. I will definitely so do stock prediction project and web scraping this summer after watch all those machine learning channels. 
